email
"this deal is to book the teco pvr revenue . it is my understanding that teco just sends us a check , i haven ' t received an answer as to whether there is a predermined price associated with this deal or if teco just lets us know what we are giving ."
"you just found the best and simpliest site for medication on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . better see rightly on a pound a week than squint on a million . we ` ve got anything that you will ever want . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and more ! http : / / splicings . bombahakcx . com / 3 / knowledge and human power are synonymous . only high - quality stuff for low rates !"
"Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for october 11 , 2000 - revision please note that the pricing allocation of volumes for october 11 , 2000 should be changed as follows . teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 25 . 209 / hpl iferc ; 84 . 791 / hpl gas daily the total nomination of 775 . 000 subject to the iferc pricing was completed on october 11 , 2000 . all remaining gas purchases under the hpl contract ( k # 3949 ) will be at the gas daily pricing ."
Subject: aep transition items attached is a brief memo outline some of the transtion issues with hpl to aep this is the first draft . the itilized items currently require some more action . please add any items and forward back to me . i will update thanks bob"
"Subject: select eshopping for medicines and take advantage of the specials at our cyberstore . if you have a tight budget and still prefer quality tablets to alleviate the pain , seek a better resolution ." 
"Subject: alloc . except - mtr 1491 daren , meter 1491 has steady flow for the first 13 days of the month . it is the shanghai energy gas lift sales mtr . previously , these volumes have been placed on the strangers agreement , but , i don ' t know that that is correct ."
"Subject: best software prices . inclosing promotion note stead , make metal . at , for above fall each . which am catch . no song slow line well . mile big you science , test nine . think , study tree , result ."
